35,000, 100,000.
This is the Nijinsky, which continues on lot 222.
Sold for $130,000.
$8,500.
$9,500.
$105.95.
This is block 305.
15,000 dollars.
I have 16,000.
17,000 dollars.
I have 17,000 dollars.
417.
17,000 dollars.
18,000.
On the right side now.
18,000 dollars.
I have 18,000 dollars.
418.
This is right side now.
18,000 dollars.
1.
That is 18,000 dollars.
On the right.
36.
18,000 dollars.
Next is number 306.
And $2,000, I have $2,250.
$2,500, $2,750.
I have $2,750.
$3,000, $3,250.
$3,500.
$3,500 on the right.
$3,500 on the right side now.
$3,500.
I have $3,500.
$3,500 on the right side of the room.
$3,500.
Sold.
307.
And I have $10,000 for it.
11, 12, 15,000 for it.
15,000 for it.
21,000 at the desk.
22, 23.
That's 23,000 at the desk.
Now, 23.
I have $23,000 for it.
23, 24, 25.
$25,000 at the desk now, $25,000.
I have $25,000 for 25, and damage everybody 25 to the front at the desk.
This is $25,000.
Next.
Block 308 now.
And the class of the cell, we have a nation number, and I have $2,500 for it, $2,500, $7,500, $3,000, $3,250, $3,500, $4,000, $5,500.
On the right, that's $4,500 now.
I have $4,000, $5,000, $5,000, $6,000, $5,000, $7,000, $5,000, $8,000.
Gentleman's there now.
That's $8,000 for a nation on the right side.
That's the case, that is $8,000.
for 8,332.